is for human life starts now eh eh eh good night thursday december 26
at 7 pm there, too cool people and even a judge
guaranteed to abuse but also to have a nice chat
those who made constructive criticism alright some who went to
personal family issue and I'm sorry but leave my page that such criticism
accept without any problem in talking quick game here is from the economy to
the economy took off was a lot of things says Brazil fought
is growing here brasília hit that 150 percent turnover in
business in 50% and 150% volume of business nego local trade o
all of Brazil is in this phase, the economy adding is the
government team trust and other data
the dollar is almost closed almost 44 reais granddaughter 406 almost 4 reais reached 4
and 28 if I'm not mistaken the economy is reacting well to the rate
selic rate already knows 46 percent this means that we will be erasing
right - 110 billion reais this year we paid more than 1 billion reais
real interest rates per day we actually get a debt from the
fantastic and paulo guedes' team alone in his team a whole ministry
very large has been working hard on that piece I even asked him if the
next year is the same will be the same funk beat will continue with the spirit
and boys from the military college of belo horizonte
he was from cbh all gas he’s all his team here so keep going
so paulo goose working is very good for us obviously
other ministries also worked tarciso do not want to take stock here
just quoting a few years tarcísio made a miracle with little recourse that has in
others worked very well such as airports there ports a lot
wrong thing right problems there are games below it some can solve
others are not that they are public servants but the vast majority of
servers worked very well the commissioners is also he partnered with
our brazilian army josué using our engineering battalions of
construction has done a lot of work in Brazil is now scheduled for January
we came to stop there on br-163 made by our brazilian army in
French capital congratulations on the work you are proud of all of us Brazilians
another boy were also exceptional as ricardo salles in the environment
is accustomed to a loose environmental policy geared to non-interests
I want to talk about who else the people from the past had a lot of contact with NGOs
internationals were greeted with a red carpet at these meetings around the world
that Brazil always gave more than it could and didn’t get anything in
exchange staff talk about carbon credit
cool are preserving here manuela de to pay let the money do not want
so who manages this thing in Brazil is us the car leaving a lot
well and has in view the reaping of criticism that receives the signal that it will stay for
a long time from downloading at the hospital a long time ago, there was a lot of business right
I don’t know the cause but I said look at the wave and we’re going to win and
going out myself the skidding week was when skidding there tuesday 4
the boy lost bald man extinguishes in the bathroom fall real
greatness of costa grandson I lost a part of the memory the bad part
then I recovered the bad part of the memory that keeps forgetting that part
bad is very good but we recover well is something for those who are already in old age
said it was good age of simple age i wouldn't have skidded cool so thanks
it served as a warning to me and we are going to launch the campaign
slowly in the bathroom for being careful you know stories is the ex himself
minister exercises looking at the same works fell in the bathroom and via passed away some years ago
days later I doubt that you don't know anyone who has
skid in the bathroom and the ugly fall baptized person the first time I want it
be the last one then the question of the economy we hit the
record of points on the stock exchange being 17 thousand and trust
some say what is the purpose of leaving one I have nothing to do with the bag has yes the
money that comes in mexico with the companies moves the mood of the
mexico businessmen the confidence for us to invest produce more jobs
more jobs and produces more product then lowers the numbers of the economy having
very well thanks to god then i said the third one was the most serious one i talked about
carlos salles marcelo antônio firewood the embroiderer a lot this year
previous falling exceptionally well congratulations marcelo marcelo noted our
mining and job creation is this year increased by 13 30 percent
in tourism compared to the previous year we should also came out largely to the
gilson machado our president at embratur a tireless guy runs the
Brazil all looking to make aid partnerships reduce the bureaucracy in your area as well
as tourism as a whole and tourism is basically fringe and future having and
future nonsense really it goes forward
I had a few days in the hospital at the hotel in Rio de Janeiro I asked the pro
how was the hotel occupancy rate said it was well above the
expected and asked if the other hotels in rio de janeiro
that yes so the hotel occupancy rate went up also doesn't have the value
Exactly the one that rose the most is also a sign that more tourists are coming here and
coming because because we are mostly from these tourists come from those countries
that we do not require reciprocity of visas in order to visit the staff
come here to do tourism and worth for business also have a trip to china to
end of the month maybe soon we can guarantee
also the visa exemption for Indian in Brazil for the Chinese is on the straight
also here in Brazil and tourism is going to
bringing in a lot of currency I am not mistaken is the average of the world pib equals 10%
for tourism so brazil below that we can above this world average
we have areas here for tourism I spoke to rodrigo maia again
then it's nice because he is the owner of the agenda in the Chamber of Deputies
the bay bay collection that decree that has a decree that created the
tamoios ecological station it has to be revoked so that we
we can include that area of ​​mangaratiba paraty and creek with an area
exclusive for tourism and thus has an outside country a great
Arab country that wants to invest in this area of ​​tourism by spending almost 1 billion
dollars to transform the New Year's Bay region the phenomenon close to
cancún with a bill today of 12 billion dollars a year with tourism and in our
invoice flag as almost nothing right sadness over there only the sparrows in the na
highway the electronic trying to take justice there
was against hit they were kept some sparrows and fixed as well as the furniture
justice also determined the return of the operation of the mobile radar is for Brazil
the fine press people are vibrating in nothing reminding enough there
that the goal in part I will not cross everyone here in part is not to avoid the
speeding is raising money and there are some smart people who don’t have the good people
also keeping your feet is a lot of money from it so the bay
creek continues beating continue talking or having sex in brazil can be
voted for tourism and needs a law to topple overturn the decree
presidential that in the past was signed by previous present that demarcated
these areas right in Bahia there is a large area there in the shape of the river ribeira
of iguape it can be a great area for cananéia is also the island
long iguape other areas have in brazil
so, the way cheetah treats the environment, we have 60% of the
Brazil and reserved for presentation can do us nothing because it is not
billing billions of reais in the bay of creek but that day will reach the generation
jobs marcello antony i already spoke here fair ax i also spoke lack
drinking water a lot of people say that bono is being a
exceptional work in justice and even have to listen to love without the human being already
I disagreed with the hill in the past he knows days with we discussed the issue of
I have already disagreed with him as I have chosen other boys as well
I think the agreement rate with the 195% boys going out a lot nor the dead
is a huge potential he is adored in Brazil only speaks in each gift but I
I live to see why you are happy for not having a problem is in good hands Brazil is ok
right the 22 year old date had well can be
convinced that berto out is in something else
already tired of saying there are thousands of people better than me to listen
a lesson you can’t do what he threw June friendly fire to deliver to
left of the area as the argentine did deliver to the left and 23 develop the
which is good for a cough this guy will stay 50 years to leave here where the Argentine
let's follow what's going on in argentina
people to forget about venezuela only complain about the price of meat what do you
some want me to make meat table is to give subsidies for here the mature did in
passed to him mature charles today has neither dog in
bottle to eat in venezuela we are from the personal market a point
end i can't quote region the weight of
load has a guy who produces in the field I can even have a cane plant this
good to be closed by the load of beer 2 hp 22 reais
the shrimp 50 also then table the defendant the table presents clear I have to
pick up and table denied the flight to help remember and will pay the inputs to correct
la uo the stage the land side of the pasture is tabulated and table and the seed of
brachiaria table o the toll when the person is going to transport the ox table o
freight price says camila below also to sell reals here a person
as a nation we have had crises in the past in others
food that tomato and beans meat crisis also slowly the market
people are saying that the price of the ox in the
it went up because the dollar was 4 and 26 now it’s 44 round practically today
countries or are doing business what do you produce there someone from another country
to offer more tires is to sell here inside and outside
my answer then answer the question of the
of the rancher is that they spent nine years in the 0 to 0 losing inside the most
small recovered now let's pass a little flight sacrifice to the president
has stewardship has gaucho meat has the free car has no doubt day without
no problem but i will defend my address here last week of course once
per week logically my wife sent
move to 2 is the rest I put xvii I put chicken what else is what solves the
problem passes the crisis passes now tabulate there is only subsidy arranged
to create a tax to give the rancher to go down to the house, there are those who act like
way those who acted in previous governments put their economy on the canvas other
countries from venezuela to brazil for the past year and a price freeze that
is older remember this ends up not having the material on the shelf so no
have to discuss this price fixing thing is free market and period
the week also the question of about 40 days your gift giving so much
I'm not a Brazilian steel surcharge even though I have a deputy in the same career
a career from são paulo went to the podium made a terrible wave against against
people talk a lot of [ __ ] pretended to have [ __ ] talking to the press itself
said that the American government was not giving due attention to me this I think
well it's always been last week last week we had a chance
I talked on the phone with your new right, well my arguments are right
this Sunday's economy is 40 times so we reached an agreement and he
agreed and said it is not a surcharge so I saw it on some social media
here the foot when I talked about this subject the car guy complaining about downtown I don't
like steel I will not answer for this guy who
act this way but we solve the açaí problem
friendship and consideration for the American president with his people continues
it's getting better and better week is hitting me on screen quota is for movies
Brazilians that people have to understand is a law I have to comply
the law I talked to roberto alvim he did
a five minute video on his page maybe like my internet page
there are few people used not to post it I'm going to ask to put the channel on youtube on the air
explains in a little time five minutes what the screen quota for the end
of the Brazilian what was important to iran
i am obliged to sign a decree to fix a quota in the latter
my decree right the first and the last in this area we
we set a smaller one is the smallest quota in history so we are taking
been a little aside now let's make some movies it can't be the quota
now film different from the ones that were being made
well what was there in the film that wasn’t enough
it would take a month don't remember it gave 200 viewers going to make films to some
already in a project in progress or making a film that interest the history of the
Brazil of our culture of our art and what interests the population as a whole
or the large population and not the minorities is right and who is who is pressing the
we can end this quota of big screen a big film market was the
second, the message comes under pressure from those who
whoever works here represents us except we reset this quota will
more films coming in from abroad have been working on this issue, okay?
decreased our screen quota a lot in our
logically making good movies for the sake of consideration but how long has it been
makes a good movie I won't go into that detail here
even our children are doing from now on will have marks to
ideology those lies all of history is passed to ours right
speaking lies about the 64 85 period in the past also lies the
present is always driving making the head of the population like these people of the
left purest ethical and moral forces in the world
and the rest were the rest they lost their best voice in the next election
to lose it I don't want to mention that the name of movies
that I picked up at the farm to embrapilme this year I have
shame shame shame so I won't say the name of the movies which is bad is
something like a year says I'm ashamed messes with evangelical religion
evangelical catholic mexico child mexico an afro-descendant mexico person
disabled and everything with the sex collection so yeah we're censoring anything who
want to make a movie, right, make another day your own, not with money
public so congratulations to the listener but the thing
in addition to the crime of the wall between noise is a name is a week, right
vote more on you allied with corruption read on crime right the balance was excellent
hit little you hit here it was the proposal of sergio moreira who made
basically it is logically heard a lot of people are being triggered but no one
remembers parked moment in 30 to 40 years the maximum sentence of condemnation in
above that maximum period that is made at that percentage to serve the sentence
when it will be able to require progression before it increases in the period of
prisoners in federal prisons and one year to three years, with the possibility of
be renewed for another three in six years federal prisoner heavy barbell
so to think about Brazil doing certain lobato crimes despite the
google will not be able to leave easily I will not think about another
thing as it will take longer to leave my greatest chance of violence too
now prohibits beyond the hill it is forbidden to have the
right to temporary leave the convict committed a crime from where the world what has
result in death has complicated the lives of these people and
conviction of four 48-year-olds goes from 6 to 12 for those who sell the gun
illegally
we're working on still have a new project in the couple parliament that was
that my size is promised I promised and I will deny committed and in the tower
promised to say that it depends on parliament has to change the law who did
the law I know that defends the pt still going back there
the increase status was back there it was not I did what I could against this proposal but
deceive the population
the parliament decided to vote, thinking less weapons less violence and it is not the
truth is not this right is it true is not this weapon really is is
a mini level the action of marginals from the farm for example we got here the
rodrigo put the question of the size of the pod on all personal property
rural championship pension today who has possession of a firearm
lost his civil home in the field this puddle and is worth for support right
after and it is valid for all for the whole territory consequence inhibits reason the
car broke into the house must have the right to defend and sold the farm
has the right to defend by the end now it is changing by shooting down chasing
we had defeats in the decree that I put in I thought it was right to assume
the supreme and find the legislative different as well that we remove the
decree we are the other softer is no use
in the morning with some walking technicians it presents in which it explodes it is not like that
it's not like that when you have a better understanding, right, the people who
make up the judiciary relative power has a similar thought
with our I don’t know if we’re right I don’t think it’s going to be easy to
solving this problem can't really get here to each other
we are working with paulo Guerra on the rio paulo guedes she exemption from
income tax required to increase to 3 thousand from the
next year my doll law argument understands
economics who really understands a political position ends up seeing very well
is what people want to discount after income right
today it limits in almost two thousand reais who are from 2 thousand to 3 thousand paid something
this year he practices he recovers with the school of education is with health
and other rebates and we are also trying to get out I think we will
to be attended by the team with the ghesa polo logo a very important thing
I do not speak of the guarantee judge in this project, do not excuse me personally if I
had the device worked there that aimed to triple the
penalty for internet crimes is instituting internet censorship you
couldn't kill commenting on the ground a lot
not even talking about a fallacy cezar week being radical or commenting with words
offensive on the internet I don't want censorship on the internet
here if the loot had been approved it started to take action certain criticisms in
israel several of the abuse authorship of the good analysis not people
guarantee you're getting ten years in jail it couldn't be damaged
so we try to get out and it doesn't seem to value the person
just to refresh your memory you remember the law of abuse of
authority was voted a terrible wave the congress approved
abuses age by the chamber the senate came to me
and it came to me people already wanted that campaign vetoes everything I don't vote
the more you see, everything is fine if you don't vote for yourself, everything works out okay, we had 15
days to sanction listening to the Moor heard the minister to be the use of the gpu there was
several ministers what was to be invented served all
veto world is what really interested wetangula are dozens of articles as well
the congress and personal pressure on me is thrashing cursing me I had to
inventing to see them veto everything and winning is everything is to make the game that was not going to happen
right we increased to dozens of articles
congress dropped 70% 0 nobody said anything
there it was, you saw nothing, the congress is right, it’s rare I don’t take credit I
I have my position at the congress until the time of dedieu here veto or
sanction from there I'm out I'm not going to fight the mayor of
closed because the congress overturned the veto or not outside and it is not that the
supreme federal court just talks too much right
I will not the supreme will have an independent power I am democratic I will not
am or only democracy not only has no other
another alternative is the supreme decided if i'm going to be upset or set off fireworks
I will not stay the same now I have a good launch and operating
with double that of its core of that of the supreme top ten days the strawberry already suffers
has a movement a record alcohol rodrigo maia also davi alcolumbre and
some think I should isolate myself even to a behavior to meet
exclusively this internet user is not like that they were not what I proposed
arrest me and punish we must have is patience right
we are seeing the hope of changing the elections of the year
many people are disgusted with the mayor, the councilman changes because by the way
don't vote for the guy thinking about you often there is the reason why raise a
flag the guy raised the flag for example I know it's not the flag of
councilor but the federal deputy for example from the governor republic intense
interest in seeing the place that has a very beautiful flag to do against the
corruption you will see there is another thug who
you can't go out I can agree with you and then you have to put a guy who
have an average right because everything will be achieved similar to what you
defend now and you can know the life of any parliamentarian who is going to
seeking a re-election a new guy is looking for an election without knowing how the
his life so abuse of authority to decide to say anything now has a lot
people in guarantee I did not make any deal with anyone
about vetoing the guarantee judge is never absurd to talk about it is you the proof
and that the veto here is an absurd only a person who has no character to
say something like that and there are some parliamentarians speaking a
barbarity of that cross exempted that the chamber approved to if it was good or not the
right guarantee judge doesn’t matter on the internet here that parliamentarian
worked with in favor now he says no I left the
prove that you are not taking any action because the president has a commitment to veto
I didn't have an appointment I didn't act that way I don't you have that kind
of behavior right the proof is that there is here is not the proof
if I speak to prove to beat my own keep approval
the guarantee judge if it comes into force I don’t know if I surrender to the steel company
simple don't vote imagine after all if i do 99 things
in favor of you one against you want to change changes patience right the right is
you guys I always acted like that, of course concerned with the voter's vote
concerned with doing good for the next to please but I cannot be a slave and all
world a lot of people defend legal had a lot
people are going to be implemented thinking that I will create expenses I will not create
expense if hiring more judges is the
budget that already belongs to the judiciary and even saying that curiosity, you know?
nor the judge succeeds in the big corruption process like lava
do the whole process alone there is no way in curitiba even from the 13th pole
it wasn't the judge the penalty wasn't the motorbike sergeant just drove there was a battalion
almost of judgment several judges assisting in this regard even
football justice is são paulo tj de são paulo
the documentary here total of de poconé police investigations department and
judicial department of the judicial police dipo có
he is an organ that acts to offer the judge guarantees in the criminal sphere his
competence to guarantee the fundamental rights and guarantees of how the whole
legality consistent with the accused is observed during a criminal investigation
this apartment also belongs to the control of the civil police and internal affairs.
there are a lot of people who have to participate not alone will not
disrupt do not know would not carry on the jet lava is not true and something else
deputy january of psol saying that he or he is author of the amendment that
it matters who missed the b or c but the second amendment coast us here is
documented is a deputy from piauí
margarete coelho attention the arguments is because she presented this amendment and more
nothing said that the amendment is actually hers but it was a commission for 11 to
a working group and as captain of the sunset it will not work natural right guys
works in the air and was never present but ended up gaining paternity because
he took the group started in the front as everyone close in front
saying that he was the father of the child the exit is the people now the president
sanctioned sanctioned the amendment of the psol deputy has nothing to do
the deputy was from the pt in piauí her arguments here well i don't want
controversy more I do not have to explain this situation
what surprises me is a battalion of netizens
constitutionalist jurists to debate the issue and it is often me
betrayed the vote in May and will make a league something family I'm sorry here out
of my page do not leave I will pro block it I accept criticism
grounded now a lot of people talking zucchini get into a wave now we
you will see in the profile 70% the left 30% people our people I'm sure
who voted for me but is not being led by the appeal for the moment is by
only regional moment but it's a good thing but now
today the organ's salary is next Thursday I must be in Bahia right
you guys hit news will come back there i will have time off until the 5th where tomorrow day
until the 5th the kidnapping of adam and 27 89 days
the vote here ended the break and continues at work I didn’t know it’s like that
time is in front of the executive, setting an example, there is a minister
also take a few days and off with japan family so now
promise christmas new year and we have a lot to do for brazil continues
asking god to give us wisdom courage also decide things and has
a saying I don’t know who is helping me there I don’t know the path to success
can know the right way but being a failure trying to please everybody
sorry here I will not be able to please you in everything I do
the projects it presents in the sanctions on vetoes are making the conscience
quiet and not to protect anyone, this conspiracy theory was and
we will really help Brazil leave only if God wants me to go
hand over the future government to whoever on the CD is much better than I got the start
of the year now January 1st this year the will to cry moral ethical crisis
ethical economic if the school collection was already commented something improved the
ventral cannot do miracle is making it possible to take advantage of it in a
journey on the internet showing up with me enjoying a guy who calls me
traitor if the stick guy at him point is on
head of someone the boy consciously calls himself a traitor and I was
knowing the story was the place with internet intermittent of a truth
wrong of vacation in capixaba of given to be able to go wrong there eventual is each
stronger made the enemy fantastic it was not easy to make a lot of house and banana for
that wasn’t carried out didn’t leak that part of the enemy was leaked there
then the fantastic race had already started, there was no prank, there wasn’t
that story of how last year the language of the shoulders of gays do not know
what for why why do that to stimulate the kid was needed spam
following study of the language of gays i ask you nothing against gays
I have gay friends without any problem what takes a person and that gives it
for the enemy so we are down there this
shame that the proof of the steps that the international proof of evaluation of
students here in america we are only the penultimate
before the three subjects mathematical science and text interpretation
we are vying for the last place in shame but not three simple ones to do while
future of this young man who will be in the future boss it will be impossible to be boss
that way is employed will work on what my god in heaven are committing a
crime with that person will live on a family allowance for life to vote for that one
party this is what is done is the cooptation all the time so i talked about
ministers but as i told everyone in the
case in aid some energy the tereza that calls culture one I will not speak
that cat that she is married right but iná shot him in the question of
agribusiness and brazil traveling traveling the world
really hitting record export contracts for 10 continues so it's a
minister who speaks to all sectors of agribusiness regardless of
political party affiliation nowadays those looking for christian tereza
in the name of a party, look for the name of everyone in the agribusiness, she went
it was the exception of the current year god help her to continue having strength is acting
in this way, also the issue of the family, because
sectional 10 to 10 more I know she took a lot of hits this year has already come
talk to me the beat a few times i went there
these strokes well demonstrates you are on the right path
the more the company hits you the better you will stay there I don't want to
being praised by some press organizations is that we know that we always
are cheering against not so he then still as if he were doing
campaign which ended the campaign for a dream for me only in 22 if I saw it is
candidate for reelection so jorge the general secretary
exceptional as an exceptional jurist also i will not say that he is super
Mario is going to start paying I said that the time ago there that the
andré mendonça supremacy right evangelical pastor ready the potato giving
hit on what is one more hit wrongly
he is attorney general of the union went to the supreme was not against a law of the
city ​​of maringá that prohibits energy of the genre he was against
initiative of the law the municipality cannot legislate on education and period
the delta is just said is glad for the genius is genius
he is in favor of hydrogen is not he is against personally mala was
defending the initiative of the laws cannot be municipal
the criticism of wood that he now participated in the question of vetoes or not of
crime law that I started over the phone he participated a lot was jorge
personally the wall itself by calling and we approve of the vast majority
sanctioned we invented female 25 items see the wind pattern was vetoed for
it would be easy for me to sanction modifying crimes on the internet by three, are you there
instituting censorship in Brazil, the thigh doesn’t value it, it’s in the business and with
all respect of 90 percent does not know what helps guarantee to be criticizing
the fourth instance will not exist this
that's automatic okay it's automatic look at inquiry centers in Brazil all over
if you were merged it was to help and then it was to help not fight corruption
does not make a decision without a maceió plan another thing is to play in the mega
I confess, hoping not to win because if I win I will say the
that in from this is it is hard to play for
win the president of the federal bank that makes
an exceptional overdraft job 5 of the total to another bank
13 impressive how some only know how to complain just arriving it's very high in
overdraft stayed until president has stewardship has
corporate card has 24 and will play in the mega sena
powa satisfaction 24 thousand a month will publish and know how much you spend so far
zero and yes of the jaburu feeding towards people and animals of a theme that
have fish
the expenses with the airplane supply it with the fact that in brazil the corporate card
also not for the itamaraty that pays will lose one
heap of expenses for maintaining the huge e3 house
I do not want to live there in the southwest here in the apartment of 70
square meters you can't work getting people as hell you have to have
security but now the other cards cannot
withdrawing money is not legal to have no doubt is whoever buys invoice is
audited is but it is reserved because it is reserved does not lend it takes a
piece to piece there is a scan did not break for example 10 kilos and
than for the whole year, you know, he said that until the weekend
the one from the same view remembers the one from the vice also lived to travel [ __ ] vain
cutting turret mourão hit with this reason of love at home and also part of
sick weight visit it now stayed for the past year is a
little bit bigger than last year hadn’t seen the guilt of addiction time so
make a day see if now home pool and in the crooked
I turned off the heater, which was not good, it does not have a cheap heated pool and that's it
At the end of the year, no one complained about the people in Ceilandia.
at the house my wife ended up cutting it off we counted a lot of
things starting to like and scored the goal the quantity is the fourth economy of
different food from previous years but now I got the jonas is a very
thank you my always works with us at that time 19 hours is who decides if the
michelle de paula's christmas score said bolsonaro if you know it's cool no
on the 24th I had a two-minute and a half-year-end message with me
I think I managed to send a message to soften a message
a government that ends the year without a
home corruption charge we have to continue like that a few less
government corruption people want to impose my quota a
thing that in a short time but try to impose most of my account because in the
love of god the civil police of rio de janeiro for
love of god, if a role like this is in the service of those who
justice where another authority that always wants the republic has love of
god those weapons the joints that came
coming to the knowledge of us do a search and seizure in the simulate ct
thug talk put my account for god's sake for god's sake
in this case the majority was right, it should be federalized not if it is good to say that
up to that shield we got to, right
now what is happening in the river is a clear obstruction of justice the case of
concierge a clear option of justice combined with a tv a soup tv globe
now the truth starts the story saying that tav brasília but makes the story a
for the love of god in the neighborhood in front of god keep giving us strength
to accomplish this mission although I have a conviction right
if i am alive it is a miracle if an energy practically no miracle
political scientist explains 80 inventing stay in the news the action of the party's
left
q qq r7 when you were going to leave the globe group company
here he transferred almost 150 thousand to the squid company
pf report points out that the lecture company of the ex-president lecture
received more than 28 million between June 2011 and January 2016
the source is that the r7 lectures remembered the lecture of the lecture the merval
pear in the globe and it's not just the squid it's not my hobby
thousand of lectures that had ended watch out for senac ended long ago
Pereira revealed that he was aware of the Senac. There are more people also involved in the
lectures imagine if you were with me until you were
processed now but the one by the media now the globe explains there explaining the
merval pereira for having more people on the globe also explains this
date the pf report here of the globe group transferred almost 150 thousand to the
squid company I call this one something like
the one from last year, right?
report will be ascertained when he thought the history of the bribe
cool who coined your name was me when
in the 2014 elections the jbs group put 200 thousand in my account
946 jbs the jbs group took more or less with the 6
million reais and other parties because I have the company could give the
my party is the one who put it in my account
200 thousand while receiving it has a paper written there who is the original donor
when we saw that it was a colleague from the military police of the df worked with me
so here was missing the plant deputy we returned to
the party I received from the party was I want from the party fund it was not the
fundão in fundão ok is the fund to share 200 million of the fund may be missing the end
line my campaign and merge and another
history there is no tse officiated to the federal revenue
saying that the money for the fundão on the beach with little in the making of
budget of around 2 billion reais in addition to the same color as the room budget
education is holy and I don’t know how many billions of reais well the congress tried
move to 800 was discussed among the sector went back to two budget nozzles
it will arrive for additional people only that the vet right
I ask that you read article 85 of the concession I know that the pre of the chamber spoke
that if I'm going to veto, there's no problem
okay he said that there will not move a process of a raised process
as long as article 85 of the population you can get no article 85 of the population
saying that I have what I have an obligation is that if I incur some
of those crimes that are there right I complicate my situation
we will analyze the question of the veto of the fundão yes or no it is right but no
flies exempt from my responsibility another partial sanction another blow
that would take you to the left is to take advantage of and drop the bludgeon in some days that
also some parliamentarians are the same as always, even the inventors
some parties there that are said in quotation marks there that I proposed the fund
where it wasn’t the staff it was the electoral law
there was a deputy from the ribeira valley also his name reminded of the help
gay flag samuel moreira made a video and
peeling samuel moreira used one million reais from the fundão last year
not the other was from the other in the other source 1 million of the fund and are merged that says
that the account and are founded that the law was changed the law increased was 30% of that of
state bench amendments went to 100 percent we love them didn't vote
favorable to try the fundão he makes a video saying that I proposed
that he is against giving a moralistic Moorish water is false moralism has no
morale to speak increased again by us 1 million in
last year's campaign and now ibi account picks up
sympathy posing not to call dishonest because I use money is
dishonesty is an intellectual and moral dishonesty
it is very sad to leave those who know today that the valley of the river will leave the bridge
of the batatal there congratulations to the authorities who worked I learned now
congratulations so as we have got a budget government planned
hundreds or thousands of works throughout Brazil
finally the valley of the river that will be remembered is for these works and
congratulate everyone so a young woman was missing everything just like the government's is
order of the efe ac and withered was hit by the special forces is another low
here asked to fill victor hugo's ball
thank you very much guys if god wants until the thursday of the week that
comes where alaby must be from salvador bahia
a hug